[#2163] Document file upload storage flow (#2164)
open-formulieren/open-forms: docs/developers/backend/file-uploads.rst

.. _developers_backend_file_uploads:

============
File Uploads
============

Upload flow
===========

> This is what happens when files are uploaded through the file upload component of a form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
End users can upload files through the File Upload component when they fill out forms.

The following events happen during that process:
```

- The user adds a file to the component. A ``POST`` request is made to ``/api/v1/formio/fileupload`` with the content

>   of the file. This creates an instance of the :class:`TemporaryFileUpload` model. The endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  of the file. This creates an instance of the :class:`openforms.submissions.models.TemporaryFileUpload` model. The endpoint
```
you need to provide the full python paths to get clickable links to the classes when they get added to the docs.
